do not dressed yet we're supposed to
start having fun in 15 minutes
well and clearly not a minute sooner
visual you are packed oh right I mean
please tell me that you're packed
of course I'm packed Monica relax just
wanted to ask Phoebe for her opinion on
what I should wear tonight my god I
can't get a minute of peace oh my god
Martha's just gonna kill you yeah I know
look what you're wearing is fine for
that you're not packed that's even a
little bit like don't don't get mad just
look dinner what happened
so I started packing and then I realized
what am i doing I am lousy at packing
right but you loved
packing so as a gift to you on our last
night the coordinator so we're gonna get
you anything
Hey look everybody's help okay baby you
can help get you I have plans
he plans the best that's right okay
Chandler can make boxes
Ross can rap and Joey can lift things no
Phoebe good tell the guys they have to
help out okay okay
Monica's gonna make you pass she's got
jobs for everyone oh it's too late for
me but save yourselves the movers will
be here in 11 hours rachel has not
packed everybody has to help Chandler
just I've no plans with Joey but you
said you're gonna do nothing yes but for
the last time okay fine
now Ross oh but I can't do it why not
Jeff bad side because if I have been
almost 8 o'clock it's almost past
bedtime where is he he's here to dinner
party it seemed really coming because I
can see into your apartment of course he
is
what you think I just use my son as an
excuse what kind of father do you think
I am all right I gotta go make a fake
band
it is our last pizzas together as
roommates I wish I know you're gonna do
that I ordered Chinese oh that's okay
hey actually in a way it's kind of nice
you know our last dinner together me
bringing the food of My Ancestors you
the food of yours Joe a strange idea for
what we could do for our last night what
do you say we play a little foosball for
money are you crazy
and beaten me once since my injury
plagued 97 season the easy of you just
give me your money yes it would what do
you say 250 dollars okay you're on okay
let's play the big game in Lee versus
China apparently